Product Update : x-beta (#177)
bump-sh/docs: src/_product-updates/2023-11-25-x-beta.md

---
title: Beta property
tags: [Improvement]
image: /images/changelog/x-beta.png
---

![x-beta.png](/images/changelog/x-beta.png)

When some items in your API may become deprecated, others are introduced and still in the stabilization process but ready to be tested by your users. For the latter, we have created the custom property `x-beta`.

> It allows you to mark an operation, a schema, or a parameter object in your documentation as being in beta, and its usage is reserved for experienced users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It allows you to mark an operation, a schema, or a parameter object in your documentation as being in beta. We recommend its usage to experienced users, as a change on a beta item will never be considered as breaking by our automated changelog generation.
```
